### Commercial Building Energy Optmization with Traditional Machine Learning 
Huge energy consumption is one of the many global concerns regarding the environmental impact, this project aims for the optimization of the energy management in buildings, to be specific by using an archive dataset that has data collected from over 300 sensors for three years. This data consists of information about indoor environment, outdoor environment and HVC. 	The data plays an important role in validating and the model's predictions. A combination of linear and nonlinear machine learning models like Multiple Linear Regression, Random Forest, kNN, and Gradient Boosting algorithms are used to carry out this project. This project involves using the already extracted and cleaned data, using the right models to train and evaluate, thought which we get important insights that contribute to sustainable building method.  

The project aims not just for efficient environment usage but also to understand the relationship between the energy consumption by buildings and their impact on the environment by accurately predicting the HVAC cooling and heating load. In implementing advanced machine learning methods, the project hopes to make a sustainable statement about the environment, hoping to make the future healthier and greener. The output expected includes predicting HVAC cooling and heating load based on collected indoor and outdoor environment data.  

We are currently working with the 'LBNL Building 59' dataset, which includes building energy, HVAC control, and occupant data collected over three years [1]. Our focus is on Energy use data, Outdoor environmental data, and Indoor environmental data, utilizing six specific CSV files.
Reference : [1] Luo, Na et al. (2022), A three-year dataset supporting research on building energy management and occupancy analytics, Scientific Data, Journal-article, https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-022-01257-x . https://datadryad.org/stash/dataset/doi:10.7941/D1N33Q 
